[SofaNG] Setup IO (#2582)
sofa-framework/sofa: modules/SofaExporter/CMakeLists.txt

    ${SRC_ROOT}/initSofaExporter.cpp
    )

add_library(${PROJECT_NAME} SHARED ${HEADER_FILES} ${SOURCE_FILES})

> message(WARNING "${PROJECT_NAME} module is deprecated; its components are in Sofa.Component.IO.Mesh and Sofa.Component.IO.Misc.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
message(WARNING "${PROJECT_NAME} is deprecated. It will be removed at v23.06. Use Sofa.Component.IO.Mesh and Sofa.Component.IO.Misc instead.")
```
